Create scalar transport module (#22392)
idaholab/moose: modules/scalar_transport/doc/content/source/bcs/DissociationFluxBC.md

# DissociationFluxBC

!syntax description /BCs/DissociationFluxBC

## Overview

This class implements a weak form corresponding to

\begin{equation}
- \int_{\Omega} \psi_i K_d v d\Omega
\end{equation}

> where $K_d$ is a dissociation coefficient specified with the `Kd` parameter, and
> $v$ is the coupled variable specified with the `v` parameter that is
> dissociating at the boundary to create the species corresponding to the
> `variable` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where $K_d$ is a dissociation coefficient specified with [!param](/BCs/DissociationFluxBC/Kd) and
$v$ is the coupled variable specified with [!param](/BCs/DissociationFluxBC/v) that is
dissociating at the boundary to create the species corresponding to
[!param](/BCs/DissociationFluxBC/variable).
```
